[Add-ins][Shared Runtime] Making sure a note about IE11 is prominent (#2088)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-overview.md

---
ms.date: 08/13/2020

> description: 'Create an Excel custom function for your Office Add-in'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Create an Excel custom function for your Office Add-in.'
```

- Defines the namespace for your custom functions. A namespace prepends itself to your custom functions to help customers identify your functions as part of your add-in.
- Uses `<ExtensionPoint>` and `<Resources>` elements that are unique to a custom functions manifest. These elements contain the information about the locations of the JavaScript, JSON, and HTML files.

> - Specifies which runtime to use for your custom function. We recommend always using a shared runtime unless you have a specific need for another runtime, because a shared runtime allows for the sharing of data between functions and the task pane. Note that using a shared runtime means your add-in will use Internet Explorer 11, not Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies which runtime to use for your custom function. We recommend always using a shared runtime unless you have a specific need for another runtime, because a shared runtime allows for the sharing of data between functions and the task pane. Note that using a shared runtime means your add-in will use Internet Explorer 11, not Microsoft Edge.
```
